I want to take you back to our main
story ongoing Israeli bombardment of
Gaza we're joined Now by francisa
albanesi she's the UN special reporter
on the occupied Palestinian territory
she's joining us now from Katana in
Italy thank you very much indeed for
being with us uh there are talks in the
background about ceasefires there is of
course the conflict in Northern Israel
with Hezbollah in southern Lebanon and
yet the people of Gaza are still facing
a
crisis yes of course of course people in
Gaza are facing a crisis people in Gaza
have been facing a crisis since ever and
worse than ever since
october8 the people in Gaza are trapped
in a Hell Without uh comparison and
there is no way no way they can be saved
in Gaza it's shocking to me that there
is even a resolution of a un security
counciling Security Council ordering a
CIS fire and still is not in
place there there is no other way to
stop this Carnage in Gaza other than
enforcing a ceas fire and given the fact
that Israel doesn't seem willing to
comply it is to be forced to do so there
are no other
ways we went uh from very recently to
seeing uh Global protests on the streets
of cities around the world in support of
uh the Palestinian cause and and of
course in support of Israel as well
those seem to have quietened down the
politics seems to have quietened down we
have as I say the ceasefire negotiations
possibly on one side Israel has its
conflict with Hezbollah to the north is
it true is it fair to say that things
see everybody seems to be basically just
waiting for the next thing to happen and
in the meantime the people of Gaza are
simply going through what you've
described day after day after
day well
on a way in a way I agree with you that
things seems to have sort of become
quieter but this is not quite because
the protests have been repressed in the
street pretty much everywhere including
in the west student protests have been
have been cracked down often violently
the encampments have been uh abruptly uh
forced to shut down so I don't think
that people are really quiet people are
in distress because they are horrified
about what's happening in in Gaza and
they are horrified to see that
politicians do not respond at the same
time yes the the politics do not align
with the street then of course the risk
of
normalizing this new law is there this
is this is where we are and again it's
equally shocking
we're talking about the the Cesar uh
negotiations that are sort of being held
very quietly shall we say in the
background there's not a lot of news
coming out of uh out of that at the
moment do you think that there's a risk
that we're going to see an increase in
the number of attacks that the Israeli
military is carrying out as we move
towards a situation where there might be
a ceasefire whereas of course the
Israeli government is anxious to have
some sort of concrete resolution as it
would see it to its conflict in Gaza
I do see that the level of violence and
tension is escalating it has escalated
over over the past months and I do not
see any any tangible signal that this is
going to this is going to stop maybe the
discussions for a for a sis fire are
ongoing I don't know anything about that
so I cannot M what I'm what I see though
is that people continue to to die out of
out of starvation there is famine in in
Gaza there are again this is something
that I've said it over and over the
hospitals do not have capacity to treat
Gaza patients there is nothing nothing
decent and dignified left to the people
in Gaza and these in itself should be
addressed but also let's not forget the
pal alans in the occupied pales the rest
of the occupied Palestinian territory in
the West Bank and in East Jerusalem
because as we speak in recent days both
Israeli ministers uh have spoken of
advancing the annexation of uh of the
large weights of the West Bank and uh
the policy has advanced in this sense
this is the other New Normal that
International Community seems to to be
oblivious about this is not this is Gaza
is not an isolated the case Israel seems
to be at war with the Palestinians as a
whole Franchesca Alban a un special
repor on the occupied Palestinian
territory we appreciate your time ma'am
thank you very much
indeed make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer